Improve "Create Cluster" Doc (#147)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/add-a-cluster.md

---

> sidebar_label: 'Create a Cluster'

Reviewer: We should also update the file name to match the doc `id`.

title: "Create a New Cluster on Astronomer Cloud"
id: create-cluster
---

## Overview

The Astronomer Cloud install process on AWS typically starts with 1 Cluster per Organization. Depending on your use case, however, your team can choose to configure multiple Astronomer Clusters. This could enable a few benefits, including:

> - 1 Cluster in 1 AWS region, 1 Cluster in another AWS region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clusters in multiple AWS regions
```

> - 1 Production Cluster, 1 Development Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Different Clusters for Development and Production
```

> Within a single Workspace, you can host Deployments across multiple Clusters. For example, you could have Production Deployments running in your Production Cluster and Development Deployments running in your Development Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a single Workspace, you can host Deployments across multiple Clusters. For example, you can have Production Deployments running in your Production Cluster and Development Deployments running in your Development Cluster.
```
Overall 🔥  overview

This guide provides instructions for provisioning additional Clusters within your Astronomer Cloud Organization.

## Prerequisites

To complete this setup, you need to have:

> - Completed the initial Astronomer Cloud install process as described in [install on AWS](install-aws)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completed the initial Astronomer Cloud install process as described in [Install on AWS](install-aws).
```

> - Permissions to edit trust policies in your AWS account for Astronomer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permissions to edit trust policies in your AWS account for Astronomer.
```

## Step 1: Submit a Request to Astronomer

To create a new Cluster in your Organization, you must first reach out to your Astronomer representative. For each new Cluster that you want to provision, you'll need to provide our team with the following information:

  - Your AWS Account ID

>   - Your preferred Astronomer Cluster name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Your preferred Cluster name
```

  - The AWS region that you want to host the Cluster in (`us-east-1`, `us-east-2`, `us-west-2` or `ca-central-1`)

> Once we accept your request, your Astronomer representative will provide you with a unique **External ID**. Make note of this value for the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Astronomer representative will provide you with a unique `External ID` for each new Cluster. Make note of this value for the next step.
```
For variables/ values I think code font is the better way to go, I try to reserve bold for UI and new definitions.

> > **Note:** Astronomer will create a Cluster with our [default AWS resource configuration](resource-reference-aws) unless otherwise specified. If you're interested in a particular EC2 instance type or have any other cluster requirements, let us know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Astronomer creates new Clusters with a [default AWS resource configuration](resource-reference-aws) unless otherwise specified. If you're interested in a particular EC2 instance type or have any other cluster requirements, let your Astronomer representative know.
```

> ## Step 2: Edit AWS Trust Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Edit Your AWS Trust Policy
```

In the AWS IAM console, [edit the `astronomer-remote-management` trust relationship](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/edit_trust.html) to include trust policies for your new Cluster.

If you only have 1 existing Cluster, you will see the following under **Policy Document**:

```yaml
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::406882777402:root"
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": "<your-1st-External-ID>"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> Now, add the trust policy for your new Astronomer Cluster below the corresponding trust policy for your existing Cluster. These two trust policies should be the same but with a different **External ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the trust policy for your new Astronomer Cluster below the corresponding trust policy for your existing Cluster. These two trust policies should be the same but with a different **External ID**.
```

          "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
          "Condition": {
            "StringEquals": {
              "sts:ExternalId": "<your-2nd-External-ID>"
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }
```

Once you've modified your trust policy, click **Update Trust Policy** in the AWS Console to apply the new trust relationship.

## Step 3: Confirm with Astronomer

Once you have finished configuring the trust policy, notify Astronomer that you have done so. From here, the Astronomer team will finish creating the Cluster in your AWS account and notify you when it's complete.

> ## Step 4: Create a Deployment in your Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this step is more a part of the confirmation step than its own thing
